then he brought me back to the door of
then he brought me back to the door of the temple and there was water flowing
the temple and there was water flowing
the temple and there was water flowing from under the threshold of the temple
from under the threshold of the temple
from under the threshold of the temple toward the east for the front of the
toward the east for the front of the
toward the east for the front of the temple faced east the water was flowing
temple faced east the water was flowing
temple faced east the water was flowing from under the right side of the temple
from under the right side of the temple
from under the right side of the temple south of the altar he brought me out by
south of the altar he brought me out by
south of the altar he brought me out by way of the north gate and led me around
way of the north gate and led me around
way of the north gate and led me around on the outside to the outer gateway that
on the outside to the outer gateway that
on the outside to the outer gateway that faces east and there was water running
faces east and there was water running
faces east and there was water running out on the right side and when the man
out on the right side and when the man
out on the right side and when the man went out to the east with the line in
went out to the east with the line in
went out to the east with the line in his hand he measured 1000 cubits and
his hand he measured 1000 cubits and
his hand he measured 1000 cubits and they brought me through the waters the
they brought me through the waters the
they brought me through the waters the water came up to my ankles again he
water came up to my ankles again he
water came up to my ankles again he measured 1000 and brought me through the
measured 1000 and brought me through the
measured 1000 and brought me through the waters the water came up to my knees
waters the water came up to my knees
waters the water came up to my knees again he measured 1,000 and brought me
again he measured 1,000 and brought me
again he measured 1,000 and brought me through the water came up to my waist
through the water came up to my waist
through the water came up to my waist again
again
again he measured 1,000 and it was a river
he measured 1,000 and it was a river
he measured 1,000 and it was a river that I could not cross well the water
that I could not cross well the water
that I could not cross well the water was too deep
was too deep
was too deep water in which one must swim a river
water in which one must swim a river
water in which one must swim a river that could not be crossed he said to me
that could not be crossed he said to me
that could not be crossed he said to me son of man
son of man
son of man have you seen then he brought me and
have you seen then he brought me and
have you seen then he brought me and returned me to the bank of the river
returned me to the bank of the river
returned me to the bank of the river when I returned there along the bank of
when I returned there along the bank of
when I returned there along the bank of the river were very many trees on one
the river were very many trees on one
the river were very many trees on one side and the other this water flows
side and the other this water flows
side and the other this water flows toward the eastern region goes down into
toward the eastern region goes down into
toward the eastern region goes down into the valley and enters the scene when it
the valley and enters the scene when it
the valley and enters the scene when it reaches the sea its waters are healed
reaches the sea its waters are healed
reaches the sea its waters are healed and it shall be that every living thing
and it shall be that every living thing
and it shall be that every living thing that moves
that moves
that moves wherever the rivers go will live there
wherever the rivers go will live there
wherever the rivers go will live there will be a very great multitude of fish
will be a very great multitude of fish
will be a very great multitude of fish because these waters go there for they
because these waters go there for they
because these waters go there for they will be healed and everything will live
will be healed and everything will live
will be healed and everything will live wherever the river goes it shall be that
wherever the river goes it shall be that
wherever the river goes it shall be that fisherman will stand by it from and gety
fisherman will stand by it from and gety
fisherman will stand by it from and gety to any grain they will be places for
to any grain they will be places for
to any grain they will be places for spreading their nets their fish will be
spreading their nets their fish will be
spreading their nets their fish will be of the same kinds as the fish of the
of the same kinds as the fish of the
of the same kinds as the fish of the great sea exceedingly many but it's
great sea exceedingly many but it's
great sea exceedingly many but it's swamps and marshes will not be healed
swamps and marshes will not be healed
swamps and marshes will not be healed they will be given over to salt along
they will be given over to salt along
they will be given over to salt along the bank of the river on this side and
the bank of the river on this side and
the bank of the river on this side and that will grow all kinds of trees used
that will grow all kinds of trees used
that will grow all kinds of trees used for food their leaves will not with
for food their leaves will not with
for food their leaves will not with and their fruit will not fail they will
and their fruit will not fail they will
and their fruit will not fail they will bear fruit every month because their
bear fruit every month because their
bear fruit every month because their water flows from the century their fruit
water flows from the century their fruit
water flows from the century their fruit will be for food and their leaves for
will be for food and their leaves for
will be for food and their leaves for medicine thus says the Lord God these
medicine thus says the Lord God these
medicine thus says the Lord God these are the borders by which you shall
are the borders by which you shall
are the borders by which you shall divide the land as an inheritance among
divide the land as an inheritance among
divide the land as an inheritance among the 12 tribes of Israel
the 12 tribes of Israel
the 12 tribes of Israel Joseph shall have two portions you shall
Joseph shall have two portions you shall
Joseph shall have two portions you shall inherit it equally with one another for
inherit it equally with one another for
inherit it equally with one another for I raised my hand in an oath to give it
I raised my hand in an oath to give it
I raised my hand in an oath to give it to your fathers and this land shall fall
to your fathers and this land shall fall
to your fathers and this land shall fall to you as your inheritance this shall be
to you as your inheritance this shall be
to you as your inheritance this shall be the border of the land on the north from
the border of the land on the north from
the border of the land on the north from the Great Sea by the road to haslam as
the Great Sea by the road to haslam as
the Great Sea by the road to haslam as one goes to Z dad hey math paratha
one goes to Z dad hey math paratha
one goes to Z dad hey math paratha sibron which is between the border of
sibron which is between the border of
sibron which is between the border of damascus and the border of hey math -
damascus and the border of hey math -
damascus and the border of hey math - haze' hat akan which is on the border of
haze' hat akan which is on the border of
haze' hat akan which is on the border of Haram
Haram
Haram thus the boundary shall be from the sea
thus the boundary shall be from the sea
thus the boundary shall be from the sea - hey Zarina the border of Damascus and
- hey Zarina the border of Damascus and
- hey Zarina the border of Damascus and as for the north northward it is the
as for the north northward it is the
as for the north northward it is the border of hey math this is the north
border of hey math this is the north
border of hey math this is the north side on the east side
side on the east side
side on the east side you shall mark out the border from
you shall mark out the border from
you shall mark out the border from between harren and Damascus and between
between harren and Damascus and between
between harren and Damascus and between Gilead and the Land of Israel along the
Gilead and the Land of Israel along the
Gilead and the Land of Israel along the Jordan and along the eastern side of the
Jordan and along the eastern side of the
Jordan and along the eastern side of the sea
sea
sea this is the east side the south side
this is the east side the south side
this is the east side the south side toward the South shall be from Tamar to
toward the South shall be from Tamar to
toward the South shall be from Tamar to the waters of Meribah
the waters of Meribah
the waters of Meribah by Kadesh along the brook to the Great
by Kadesh along the brook to the Great
by Kadesh along the brook to the Great Sea this is the south side toward the
Sea this is the south side toward the
Sea this is the south side toward the south
south
south the Westside shall be the Great Sea from
the Westside shall be the Great Sea from
the Westside shall be the Great Sea from the southern boundary until one comes to
the southern boundary until one comes to
the southern boundary until one comes to a point opposite hey month this is the
a point opposite hey month this is the
a point opposite hey month this is the west side thus you shall divide this
west side thus you shall divide this
west side thus you shall divide this land among yourselves according to the
land among yourselves according to the
land among yourselves according to the tribes of Israel it shall be that you
tribes of Israel it shall be that you
tribes of Israel it shall be that you will divide it by lot as an inheritance
will divide it by lot as an inheritance
will divide it by lot as an inheritance for yourselves and for the strangers who
for yourselves and for the strangers who
for yourselves and for the strangers who dwell among you and who bear children
dwell among you and who bear children
dwell among you and who bear children among you they shall be to you as
among you they shall be to you as
among you they shall be to you as native-born among the children of Israel
native-born among the children of Israel
native-born among the children of Israel they shall have an inheritance with you
they shall have an inheritance with you
they shall have an inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel and it shall
among the tribes of Israel and it shall
among the tribes of Israel and it shall be that in whatever tribe the stranger
be that in whatever tribe the stranger
be that in whatever tribe the stranger dwells there you shall give him his
dwells there you shall give him his
dwells there you shall give him his inheritance says the Lord God
inheritance says the Lord God
inheritance says the Lord God [Music]